# Anna's AI Ideas and Predictions 

I kept getting ideas of things that we will use AI for in the future. And then I thought to myself "I could make a public repository on GitHub where I list them and add the date I thought of them". And since it is version controlled with Git it will be obvious from the commits as well when I decided to share these ideas! 

- 07//10/2024 Any apps like Whatsapp that will have voice message data, will in the future be able to read text messages to people out loud in our voice. 
- 07/10/2024 There will be AIs for a particular location. For example, an AI for people living in X city. Or perhaps multiple AIs for these locations. And those AIs will be able to organize information about that location. For example, if someone has a free room in that location and someone is looking for a room then the AI would have this information and people would be able to interface with it in order to find out this information. Sort of in the same way that Facebook groups at the moment are ways of finding short term (and sometimes long term) accommodation in big European cities. AIso will help organize this kind of information in an easier way. 
- 11/10/2024 Nowadays, many of us have a monthly amount we pay for our phone bills and our cloud storage (to services like Google Cloud and iCloud) and in the future we may also have AI bills as our expected monthly expenses to pay for the AIs we choose to use in our life architecture. 
- 14/10/2024 I sometimes have these moments where I feel like calling a friend but I haven't pre-planned it so I'm not sure who may be free. In the future, we may be able to ask an AI "which of my friend's is open for a phone call right now" and then the AI can check their schedules or their "status" and get back to you. 
- 22/10/2024 Videos now have AI-generated transcripts so we can make videos documenting where all the objects in our house are and then if someone is looking for an object they can search the transcript to find where they are supposed to find that object. 
- 09/11/2024 The type of documentation we need to create for humans and the type of documentation we need to create for AIs is completely different. Let's say I want to have documentation about where various things can be found in my family home, my assumption is that for documentation that a human would read I need to have categories and context and I would need to always go back to the document and update and remove information and put a lot of effort into maintaining it. Whereas if I had the same documentation for an AI, it could just be a chronological list of statement, where each statement has a date. And every time something changed, I would not need to go back and change or edit any information. I would simply add a new statement in the file with the date and the AI would know that it should refer to the latest information rather than older information. This means that for AIs we are entering in the age of chronological documentation that requires almost no maintenance. And this completely change the practice of documentation going forward, at least when it comes to documentation we expect an AI to consume (or in other words, documentation we expect to consume by interacting with an AI).
- 13/11/2024 I think that the idea of splitting audiobooks and ebooks will soon become a thing of the past and instead we will have integrated audio and ebook experiences. In other words, you will have synchronized audio with text. 
- 13/11/2024 One idea I'm playing with is that as we externalize a lot of our memory capacities to AI, we will all weaken our own memory capacity. And we may even start using a term like Memory Deficit Disorder (MDD) to give this a name. There will then be efforts to intentionally train our memories. Just like nowadays people struggled with their attention and we have tools like meditation and other that can help with managing our attention.  D